Hello, Everyone, let's code this problem.
And so here is an input that I have taken this one and let's take this input.
And also you can submit this problem on code chef.
It's a ZCO problem, but you can also submit it on code chef.
What you can do is you can just say SUPW, code chef just write SUPW code chef.
It will take you to a problem and just click on the submit button and you can test your code there.
Right.
Let me code it first.
And.
Yeah.
Let's take the a array, which is.
which will contain the number of minutes.
And let's also take the DP array.
What is this DP array represent?
I've already explained this.
The F(i) represents the answer if the minimum number of minutes spend in SUPW duty.
If the first i days are considered.
So here I'm just taking zero base indexing, so just don't get confused.
Let's take the input first.
I've taken the input, now we know for the first three days.
f(i) = a(i) because for the first day it's going to first day and 2nd day, 2nd and 3rd day
3rd day right.
So let me just simply fix the, mark the end of DP.
for zero.
For one.
For 2 right, I've filled the first three DP values, and now what I need to do is I simply.
I simply start from 3rd index.
So 012 is filled.
So from the third index, I go till n-1 , and I simply apply my recursive relation.
It is this that f(i).
Here it is DP[i].
DP[i] equals to minimum of.
DP.
I Minus one, DP i minus two, DP I minus three and whatever is a minimal of them.
That is my second last day.
The second last working day and the current which is a[i].
cool guys, so current is hours at a[i], so DP[i] will always contain a[i] because we are going on the current day.
And.
What will be the answer?
The answer will be simple.
Nothing but.
Minimum of the last three days, so minimum of n-1, n-2 and n-3
So of course, whenever we are taking the minimum of some values, then we can, we can only take a minimum
of couple of values, right?
Only two values.
But of course, you can use this minimum by initializing it by a parenthesis.
cool.
So if you have these parenthesis, you can add any  number of values here, right so you can take any number
of values here inside the statement.
It will give you the minimum value.
There is what you have to do is you'll have to write two minimums to calculate the minimum of three
values.
Right so this is better, of course.
so lets build this.
right?.
So here the answer is five.
And how is the answer five?
Okay, let's try to figure this out as well.
The answer is three.
Right?
Let's let's also print out the DP values that I'm getting.
cool.
And then let's print out.
backslash n.
Right.
So the DP value that I'm getting is 3 2 3 for the first three days.
Cool.
4 here.
That means if I'm going on this 2, that means it's coming from this 2, this five value.
It comes from this 2.
Right.
2nd day plus the 5th day is five.
And similarly, you can see this 5.
It's coming from this 3
So it is 3rd day plus 6th day, 3rd and 6th day is giving me eight and so on.
so what is the minimum of the last 3, it is 5
So this 5 means this day.
Right.
And it came it must have come from some four which is this day right.
And this, 2, has come from this, 2.
They took 2, 2 and 1, so in DP.
You can also trace back.
Oh, of course, I made a separate section for that later, but you don't have to trace .
back right now you just have to worry about the recursive relations and the optimization.
right.
So.
Thank you, everyone.
And let's see you in the next part.
Of course, guys, you can try the.
Because, of course, this is also a recursive approach.
But here I've done a bottom up DP, which is the tabulation DP right?.
But you can also try the memoization way and top down approach right.
So.
Yeah.
Just try to write some recursive function by using this recursive relation and see the answer.
Make a base case and print the answer.
And don't forget to memoize it.
cool, thank you.
See you in the next part.